Ladies, this here
is Sherry Swanson.
Hey.
You got some privacy,
but we don't lock
bedroom doors.
This is for the locker
where you store
all your valuables,
You get your house keys
after 30 days
with no write-ups:
No infractions
of our house rules,
do your chores,
all that.
I'm sure you'll be fine,
honey.
Yeah.
Hello?
Hey, it's Sherry.
Sherry, is that you?
Yeessssss,
Yeah, what's up?
You know, busy.
Listen, I got
to wrap it up.
Yeah, okay, um...
That's cool.
Tell everybody
I said hi.
Yeah, I will.
hellomy mamfor me.
hello Lexi for me.
Tell her I'm coming.
What time are you
coming tomorrow?
After lunch.
Listen, I got to run.
Cool, peace.
you think you're
too good for us?
The girl just got
her release.
Parole office.